MY MSG:
Assalam o alaikum bhai. Project ka poora scope confirm kar raha hoon taake dono ki understanding same rahe aur baad mein koi confusion na ho.

Website: Modern glassy responsive site (mobile + desktop) with poore service journeys, New Visa, Visa Extension, Visa Change, Flight Special Fare, Return Verified Ticket, aur OTB. Plus Track Status aur Ask TripNexio AI flow. Guest browsing chalega, history/tracking ke liye login zaroori hoga.

Login: Email + Password, Google login, aur Guest checkout.

CRM (staff ke liye): Leads, customers, passengers, quotations, bookings, payments, refunds, documents, communications, aur customer history/timeline. Har service ka status flow, staff verification, quote builder with timer, OTB requirement check, aur vendor cost/margin (customer ko nahi dikhega).

Admin panel: Services, pricing, coupons, vendors, staff roles aur permissions. Masters: Airport, Airline, Border, Documents, FAQ, aur notification templates. Sab kuch code chhue baghair configure hoga.

Automation: WhatsApp + Email notifications, quote expiry timers, OTB auto-checks, reminders aur follow-ups, aur n8n monitoring view.

Integrations: Payment gateway + invoice system with GST aur gateway fee calculation, Resend email, WhatsApp API, aur OCR (passport se details).

Deployment aur handover: Local development, phir Hostinger VPS pe staging aur production. Git branch workflow, Prisma migrations, tested backups, rollback, deployment docs, complete source code aur GitHub repo, API aur env documentation, aapke system par setup + basic training, admin mein data export, aur 30-day bug support.

Aapki taraf se yeh cheezein chahiye hongi (aapke apne account/kharche par): Domain, Hostinger VPS, WhatsApp API credentials (Meta token + Phone Number ID), Resend API key, aur koi bhi paid third-party service.

CLIENT REPLY:
OCR missing tha isme baki sab ok he

MY MSG:
OCR: Passport se automatic details nikalna (name, passport number, DOB etc.), taake customer ko manually type na karna pade.
Am i right?

CLIENT MSG:
Yes and docs ke data fetch hojaye system me crm mai easy ho

MY MSG:
OCR: Passport aur documents se automatic details nikalna (name, passport number, DOB etc.), jo seedha system/CRM mein fetch ho jayein, taake manual entry na karni pade aur staff ka kaam asaan ho.

CLIENT MSG:
Yes

CLIENT MSG:
We need to see visible progress starting tomorrow. We cannot wait another day. Please let me know immediately if you can handle this. If you cannot start tomorrow, we will need to end this contract and we will hire another developer.
As discussed, the project completion timeline is 15 days from the date the milestone was created, including weekends and other non-working days.

However, the milestone was created two days ago, and you confirmed that you would start once the milestone was created. I had to follow up for an update, and you are now saying that you will start tomorrow.

I am okay with the agreed 15-day timeline, but I need the work to actually start tomorrow and the project to be completed within the original 15-day deadline calculated from the milestone creation date. The 15-day timeline should not be extended because the work was started late.

Please confirm that you will start tomorrow and complete the full project within the original 15-day deadline. Payment will be released only after the agreed work is completed and reviewed.

MY MSG:
Brother, I completely understand your concern. I just wanted to clarify one thing so there is no misunderstanding between us.

As I mentioned earlier, I was considering the 15 days as working days. You created the milestone late Friday night, but even after that I spent time over the weekend reviewing the project so I could understand everything properly and start in the right direction. I have also spent the weekdays going through the complete project overview and aligning the requirements.

Even today I was still reviewing everything and preparing the structure. My plan was to start properly from Monday, but since you need visible progress, I will also work during the upcoming weekend for you. I don't want the project to be delayed because of this.

I am also sending you a theme that I found very suitable for the platform. I really liked it and was planning to start working on it, but I thought it would be better to show it to you first. If you prefer, I can skip waiting for approval and directly start working on it and show you the actual progress.

Please don't worry, brother. I am taking this project seriously and I will make sure you start seeing proper progress from tomorrow. I am fully committed to getting this done for you.

https://triprex-nextjs.vercel.app/index2
I found this theme and I really like it for our project. I feel it will be a very good starting point for the platform and I can customize it according to all of your requirements.

I was thinking of starting the development on this theme, so I wanted to share it with you first. If you are okay with it, I’ll start working on it directly from tomorrow and begin showing you the progress.

Please have a look when you get a chance, and don’t worry, I’ll take care of the rest.


CLIENT MSG:
You mentioned 12 days in the chat, and during our call you clearly said 15 days including non-working days, which means 12 working days in total. Please refer to the attached screenshots of our chat for reference.

The milestone was created two days ago, and you had confirmed that you would start once the milestone was created. Now you are saying that you will start tomorrow.

I have no issue with the agreed timeline, but the 15-day total timeline / 12 working days should be counted from the milestone creation date, as discussed, and should not be extended because the actual work is starting later.

Please make sure the work starts tomorrow and the project is completed within the originally agreed timeline.

Atlys.com
Visa2fly.com
Check these

Need create customised as per given design simple we dont need any theme
Glassy, Live, Animations, site




new messages from client 23-sep-2026 now current messages

Real Return Ticket Rates: Please provide the per-applicant rate for each country and confirm which validity options should be available (30/60/90 days).?
Return Ticket Rates
Return Ticket rates must be configured separately for each destination country.
The rate should be calculated per applicant Only
Required validity options: 30, 60, and 90 days.- all same rate just need configure by desination.
Admin must be able to configure or update country-wise rates from the Admin panel.
The UAE rate currently added is only a sample and should remain editable.
Currently, only a sample UAE rate has been added. OTB: Please confirm the standard processing timeline in days so we can correctly configure and display the Urgent option.
OTB Processing Timeline
Configure the standard OTB processing timeline as 24 working days.
If the travel date falls within the standard processing timeline, the system should suggest the Urgent option, if available. process time as per airlines admin can configure
Admin must be able to change the standard and urgent processing timelines.
New Visa: Please confirm the age limit for a minor (child) and which guardian details should be collected (e.g., name and passport number). Also, should Occupation remain a free-text field or be provided as a dropdown?
New Visa Minor/Child Rules
Any applicant below 18 years should be treated as a minor.
Display the message: “Apply with Parent/Guardian.”
Collect the following guardian details:
Guardian Full Name
Guardian Passport Number
Relationship with the Minor link with one of parent
Occupation should be a dropdown field. Employee, Business, Retired, Student, Housewife, None, rest admin can add and remove occupations
Admin should be able to configure or update the occupation options from the Admin panel.
Airport List: A CSV file with the columns name, code, city, and country (for example, an IATA-based Middle East + India airport list). We will import it into the system with one click from the Admin panel. We cannot create the airport data ourselves because it needs to match your required/approved airport list.
Airport Master Data Requirement

Admin must be able to add, edit, and remove airports directly from the Admin panel, as we currently do not have a complete approved airport list.

The CSV import format must contain only these columns:

iata_code,airport_name,city,country

Admin should also be able to search, filter, and manage airport records.